Split PR part 2: Space Type and associated tests/docs (#13)
OctopusDeploy/octopus-serverspec-extensions: docs/authentication.md

# Authenticating to your Octopus Server

> There are two main ways of authenticating to your Octopus Server when using the Serverspec Extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main ways of authenticating to your Octopus Server from your Serverspec tests
```

> #### 1. Provide creds with each type

Reviewer: Consider swapping 1 & 2 - I suspect 2 is more useful for most

Author: A good call. I like that idea.

This method makes sense if you're testing multiple Octopus Servers in the same ruby script, and need a visual cue to which servers you're testing in a specific block.
 
Simply provide the URL and API key of your Octopus server as the first two parameters in your type

The following example will connect to a specific server using a specific API key:

```ruby
describe octopus_deploy_account('https://octopus.example.com/', 'API-1234ABCDE5678FGHI', 'myawsaccount').in_space('Octopus') do
    it { should exist }
end
``` 

#### 2. Using Automatic Environment Variables

> If you do not provide a URL and API key in your type call, the type will try to fall back to environment variables. These variables are the same as we use in the [octo.exe command line utility](https://octopus.com/docs/octopus-rest-api/octo.exe-command-line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not provide a URL and API key in your type call, the type will try to fall back to environment variables.
```
not necessary

This option is much cleaner to read, and helps to protect you from leaked credentials, but can be less explicit if you're testing against multiple Octopus Instances.

| Variable              | Description                                                                        |
|:----------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | OCTOPUS_CLI_SERVER    | The http or https URL of your Octopus Deploy server: e.g. https://octopus.example.com/  |

Reviewer: my ocd!

Author: OCD Noted :)

| OCTOPUS_CLI_API_KEY   | A valid API key, with rights to view the resources you're testing                  |

> The following example will attempt to use the Environment variables. If they are not present, it will raise an exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example will attempt to use the Environment variables. If they are not present, it will raise an exception:
```

missing colon
